So if you're having a conflict in the first few days of the unit, is that
normal? Maybe remember that there are two different fleets last
week on the Pacific Fleet. So is it normal? Not particularly. But could
there be differences? Most definitely. There are differences. And
when you go from one squadron to another swatter, when you go from
the training school to the actual deploy its water, Yeah, there's gonna
be a little bit of a difference. And that's where using officer,
junior or senior grade officer, You're just going to get acclimated
in that first couple of days and understand. So one of these is that
I would most definitely advise Okay, when you attempted to say, Well,
we didn't do it on our last ship That way, that's true. But you're
not on your ship. You're on. So you've got to adjust to your ship,
and that's the thing I expect. Change. Expect there to be differences.
You've got the skills to go ahead and perform. So remember, for
the most part, all ships go. All planes go forward. We'll go for so
you might be tempted. Do you think I didn't do that on my last ship.
You know, your last ship, you don't do shift. And that's the way you're
gonna perform on your new ship. Going forward on the journey protected
a nation on the mission.